# MyCardholder Privacy Policy

If you choose to use MyCardholder app you automatically agree to this policy.

At MyCardholder, we respect your privacy and take the protection of your personal information very
seriously. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information
in connection with our MyCardholder Android application.

### Open Source

Our Flashlight Android application is open source under the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE), which
means that the source code is available for anyone to review, modify, and distribute. This promotes
transparency and accountability and allows for the security community to identify and report any
security vulnerabilities they find.

### Data Collection

We do not collect any personal information when you download or use our MyCardholder application. We
do not request access to any personal information on your device such as your contacts, messages,
location, or camera. The only permissions we request are those required to operate the MyCardholder
application such as camera access and internet access.

### Crashlytics

We use Crashlytics, a third-party service owned by Google, to collect anonymous crash reports in
order to identify and fix bugs in our application. Crashlytics collects information about your
device, such as the type of device you are using, the operating system version, and the crash log.
This information is used solely for the purpose of identifying and fixing errors in our application
and is not used for any other purpose. Crashlytics' privacy policy can be found
at https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics.

### Use of Data

We do not use any personal information for any purpose as we do not collect any personal
information.

### Disclosure of Data

We do not disclose any personal information to any third party as we do not collect any personal
information.

### Security Measures

We take reasonable measures to protect our application from unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration, or destruction. These measures include:

* Secure connections: We use secure connections for our application to protect against interception
  and tampering.
* Third-party libraries: We use reputable third-party libraries to enhance the security of our
  application.
* Regular updates: We regularly update our application to include security patches and new features.
* Access control: We restrict access to our servers and only allow authorized personnel to access
  our systems.

### Data Retention

We do not retain any personal information that is collected by our application, as we do not collect
any personal information.

### Changes to the Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this
Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice in the MyCardholder application.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices,
please [contact us](mailto:mdeveloperspost@gmail.com).
